hi I'm chef Tom I'm a professional chef
I've trained all over the world I've
learned all kinds of color secrets nan
the teaching field
[Music]
we're going to make a very classic
Italian American recipe chicken parmesan
so start with we're going to have our
chicken breasts here and you know put a
little stern wrap on top and underneath
it kind of helps when you pound it so it
doesn't make a big mess we start
pounding this start with a smaller side
first and what you want to do is make
this whole thing even so this is already
thin don't pound this side pound this
rest of it to be that size so pound it
out see it's getting a little bit bigger
you know when I use the flat side a
little bit to even allow flip it over do
this side too
[Music]
one a little thinner a little bit
thicker well you guys side that but
that's wrong the stuff on this so now we
did a standard breading procedure so
here we have seasoned flour we have eggs
a little bit of water you want to school
up a watering to make it a little bit
looser and we have seasoned breadcrumbs
these are panko breadcrumbs but you know
if you wanted Italian flavor breadcrumbs
we're going to use that's fine so here's
a chicken breast we just pound it out
and put a little salt pepper on this guy
and flour egg wash and now we're from
the breadcrumbs now some things really
have to worry about when you're doing
when you're breading something is you
don't have these things in one layer one
of the first catering jobs ever did was
that your chicken parmesan like 50
people and what it done was I had
brittle all and I stack on top of each
other so when I got to the site the
bread crumbs from the top and bottom all
meld together it's one big chunk of
chicken parmesan horrible so I had to go
out in the side and hose it down with
garden hose and repr it on site so don't
do that one layer and I'll be fine
so now next step is we're going to fry
it so one find this some things you have
to worry about do not put the oil above
a third of the pan so what happens a lot
of times you put too much oil in there
the oil spanners up goes into the
burners catch on fire that's a bad day
you don't want that to happen so now we
have our chicken breasts now when you
put this in I want to put this down and
away
you do not want to have this come
towards you so if the oil is going to
fly let's go that way and that towards
you so be careful about that
okay now let's sit there for about a
minute
flip it over make sure it's nice and
golden brown beautiful at this point
what you want to do is you want to
finish this an oven you can check this
by putting a little slit right here with
your paring knife to see if it's cooked
either way or put some sauce and cheese
on there and I'll be fine
so now we're sauce chicken parmesan this
is a sauce we made in New York your
recipe nice amount of sauce on top of
there cheese cheese it up don't be shy
with cheese a little sticks the pan
that's okay that's good now we're gonna
put it in the oven about four degrees
oven for about 5-10 minutes the cheese
is golden brown
while the chicken is cooking order to
put the pasta in the water
remember when you do pasta the water
needs to be salty like the sea so makes
you have enough salt in there we don't
put the salt in there it's not going to
taste right even you put it enough Rado
sauce just just going to have a really
funny taste to it so okay now the possum
is done we want to get the sauce going
so want to take a little bit of sauce in
here put in the pan start getting nice
and half so I want to take the pasta out
of the water
and drop into the sauce and give us a
little shake we want to make sure the
pass is all covered by the sauce it's
one of the things I see a lot of
restaurants do that it doesn't quite sit
well with me so you want to make sure
that sitting there nice and marinated
for a couple minutes so let's once all
set we want to do the passes you want to
take the pasta out lift it up and just
give it a little half a twist
put the rest stuff on top of it take out
our chicken parmesan
[Music]
put that right on top a little bit
parsley on top of that and here's your
chicken parmesan
[Music]
Oh